Word is: marble

metamorphosed limestone, consisting chiefly of recrystallized calcite or dolomite, capable of taking a high polish, occurring in a wide range of colors and variegations and used in sculpture and architecture.
any variety of this stone: Carrara marble.
an object made of or carved from this stone, especially a sculpture: Renaissance marbles.
a piece of this stone: the fallen marbles of Roman ruins.
(not in technical use) any of various breccias or other stones that take a high polish and show a variegated pattern.
a marbled appearance or pattern; marbling: The woodwork had a greenish marble.
anything resembling marble in hardness, coldness, smoothness, etc.: a brow of marble.
something lacking in warmth or feeling.
a little ball made of stone, baked clay, glass, porcelain, agate, or steel, especially for use in games.
marbles, (used with a singular verb) 
a game for children in which a marble is propelled by the thumb to hit another marble so as to drive it out of a circle drawn or scratched on the ground.
marbles, Slang. 
normal rational faculties; sanity; wits; common sense: to have all one's marbles; to lose one's marbles.
consisting or made of marble.
like marble, as in hardness, coldness, smoothness, etc.
lacking in warmth, compassion, or sympathy: marble heart.
of variegated or mottled color.
to color or stain like variegated marble.
to apply a decorative pattern to (paper, the edges of a book, etc.) by transferring oil pigments floating on water.
Alice,  1913–90, 
U.S. tennis player.
a hard crystalline metamorphic rock resulting from the recrystallization of a limestone: takes a high polish and is used for building and sculpture
(as modifier)
a block or work of art of marble
a small round glass or stone ball used in playing marbles
make one's marble good Australian and NZ informal 
to succeed or do the right thing
pass in one's marble Australian informal 
to die
(tr) 
to mottle with variegated streaks in imitation of marble
cold, hard, or unresponsive
white like some kinds of marble
A metamorphic rock consisting primarily of calcite and dolomite. Marble is formed by the metamorphism of limestone. Although it is usually white to gray in color, it often has irregularly colored marks due to the presence of impurities such as silica and clay. Marble is used especially in sculpture and as a building material.

Word is: clown

a comic performer, as in a circus, theatrical production, or the like, who wears an outlandish costume and makeup and entertains by pantomiming common situations or actions in exaggerated or ridiculous fashion, by juggling or tumbling, etc.
a person who acts like a clown; comedian; joker; buffoon; jester.
a prankster; a practical joker.
Slang. 
a coarse, ill-bred person; a boor.
a peasant; rustic.
to act like a clown.
a comic entertainer, usually grotesquely costumed and made up, appearing in the circus
any performer who elicits an amused response
someone who plays jokes or tricks
a person who acts in a comic or buffoon-like manner
a coarse clumsy rude person; boor
archaic 
a countryman or rustic
to perform as a clown
to play jokes or tricks
to act foolishly

Word is: confuse

to perplex or bewilder: The flood of questions confused me.
to make unclear or indistinct: The rumors and angry charges tended to confuse the issue.
to fail to distinguish between; associate by mistake; confound: to confuse dates;He always confuses the twins.
to disconcert or abash: His candor confused her.
to combine without order; jumble; disorder: Try not to confuse the papers on the desk.
Archaic. 
to bring to ruin or naught.
to bewilder; perplex
to mix up (things, ideas, etc); jumble
to make unclear
to fail to recognize the difference between; mistake (one thing) for another
to disconcert; embarrass
to cause to become disordered

Word is: happy

delighted, pleased, or glad, as over a particular thing: to be happy to see a person.
characterized by or indicative of pleasure, contentment, or joy: a happy mood; a happy frame of mind.
willing to be helpful, as with assistance, a contribution, or participation: We’ll be happy to bring a couple of salads to the party.
favored by fortune; fortunate or lucky: a happy, fruitful land.
(used as part of an expression of good wishes on a special occasion): Happy Valentine’s Day to my husband.Happy Birthday, Grandpa!
apt or felicitous, as actions, utterances, or ideas.
obsessed by or quick to use the item indicated (usually used in combination): He was a trigger-happy gangster. Everybody is gadget-happy these days.
feeling, showing, or expressing joy; pleased
willing
causing joy or gladness
fortunate; lucky
aptly expressed; appropriate
(postpositive) informal 
slightly intoxicated
(in combination)
denoting excessive enthusiasm for or devotion to

Word is: independent

not influenced or controlled by others in matters of opinion, conduct, etc.; thinking or acting for oneself: an independent thinker.
not subject to another's authority or jurisdiction; autonomous; free: an independent businessman.
not influenced by the thought or action of others: independent research.
not dependent; not depending or contingent upon something else for existence, operation, etc.
not relying on another or others for aid or support.
rejecting others' aid or support; refusing to be under obligation to others.
possessing a competency: to be financially independent.
sufficient to support a person without his having to work: an independent income.
executed or originating outside a given unit, agency, business, etc.; external: an independent inquiry.
working for oneself or for a small, privately owned business.
expressive of a spirit of independence; self-confident; unconstrained: a free and independent citizen.
free from party commitments in voting: the independent voter.
Mathematics. 
(of a quantity or function) not depending upon another for its value.
Grammar. 
capable of standing syntactically as a complete sentence: an independent clause.
Logic. 
(of a set of propositions) having no one proposition deducible from the others.
(of a proposition) belonging to such a set.
Statistics. 
statistically independent. 
(initial capital letter)Ecclesiastical. 
of or relating to the Independents.
an independent person or thing.
a small, privately owned business: The conglomerates are buying up the independents.
Politics. 
a person who votes for candidates, measures, etc., in accordance with his or her own judgment and without regard to the endorsement of, or the positions taken by, any party.
(initial capital letter)Ecclesiastical. 
an adherent of Independency.
British. 
a Congregationalist.
independent of,  
irrespective of; regardless of: Independent of monetary considerations, it was a promising position.
free from control in action, judgment, etc; autonomous
not dependent on anything else for function, validity, etc; separate
not reliant on the support, esp financial support, of others
capable of acting for oneself or on one's own
providing a large unearned sum towards one's support (esp in the phrases independent income, independent means)
living on an unearned income
maths 
(of a system of equations) not linearly dependent
statistics 
(of two or more variables) distributed so that the value taken by one variable will have no effect on that taken by another or others
(of two or more events) such that the probability of all occurring equals the product of their individual probabilities
logic (of a set of propositions) 
not validly derivable from one another, so that if the propositions are the axioms of some theory none can be dispensed with
not logically related, so that in no case can the truth value of one be inferred from those of the others
an independent person or thing
a person who is not affiliated to or who acts independently of a political party
(in England) a member of the Congregational Church
of or relating to Independency

Word is: confiscate
to seize as forfeited to the public domain; appropriate, by way of penalty, for public use.
to seize by or as if by authority; appropriate summarily: The border guards confiscated our movie cameras.
seized or appropriated, as for public use.
to seize (property), esp for public use and esp by way of a penalty
seized or confiscated; forfeit
having lost or been deprived of property through confiscation

